README.md, before:

## In a galaxy of coding capers... When BetterDiscord and Vencord dared to merge...
## Behold... BetterVencord!
![image](https://github.com/Davilarek/Vencord/assets/62715937/7126afa2-6086-4675-9427-e3f0cf542651)

A Forceful Blend of Discord Awesomeness! 🌌🚀🤖

## Note for plugin devs
Don't fork this repo to make plugins for Vencord.
We will pull changes from upstream, so if you want to make a plugin for Vencord but have it in BV, just wait for us to pull from upstream.

## Features

-   Super easy to install (Download Installer, open, click install button, done)
-   100+ plugins built in: [See a list](https://vencord.dev/plugins)
    -   Some highlights: SpotifyControls, MessageLogger, Experiments, GameActivityToggle, Translate, NoTrack, QuickReply, Free Emotes/Stickers, PermissionsViewer, CustomCommands, ShowHiddenChannels, PronounDB
-   Fairly lightweight despite the many inbuilt plugins
-   Excellent Browser Support: Run Vencord in your Browser via extension or UserScript
-   Works on any Discord branch: Stable, Canary or PTB all work (though for the best experience I recommend stable!)
-   Custom CSS and Themes: Inbuilt css editor with support to import any css files (including BetterDiscord themes)
-   Privacy friendly, blocks Discord analytics & crash reporting out of the box and has no telemetry
-   Maintained very actively, broken plugins are usually fixed within 12 hours
-   Settings sync: Keep your plugins and their settings synchronised between devices / apps (optional)
-   BdApi Compatibility : Allows (most) BetterDiscord plugins to be ran as if it was normal BetterDiscord!

***
> [!NOTE]
> External Sources were used.
> - BrowserFS: https://github.com/jvilk/BrowserFS
> - ZIP.js: https://github.com/gildas-lormeau/zip.js
> - Some of BetterDiscord's code: https://github.com/Davilarek/Vencord/blob/main/src/plugins/bdCompatLayer/stuffFromBD.js

## Installing / Uninstalling
Currently, the only way to install is to build it manually. No tutorial yet.

## Installing on Browser
Needs building manually too.
```
pnpm buildWeb --standalone
```

## Disclaimer

Discord is trademark of Discord Inc. and solely mentioned for the sake of descriptivity.
Mention of it does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by Discord Inc.

<details>
<summary>Using Vencord violates Discord's terms of service</summary>

Client modifications are against Discord’s Terms of Service.

However, Discord is pretty indifferent about them and there are no known cases of users getting banned for using client mods! So you should generally be fine as long as you don’t use any plugins that implement abusive behaviour. But no worries, all inbuilt plugins are safe to use!

Regardless, if your account is very important to you and it getting disabled would be a disaster for you, you should probably not use any client mods (not exclusive to Vencord), just to be safe

Additionally, make sure not to post screenshots with Vencord in a server where you might get banned for it

</details>

Commit message:

Automatic install.
I swear I missed something here.

README.md, after:

## In a galaxy of coding capers... When BetterDiscord and Vencord dared to merge...
## Behold... BetterVencord!
![image](https://github.com/Davilarek/Vencord/assets/62715937/7126afa2-6086-4675-9427-e3f0cf542651)

A Forceful Blend of Discord Awesomeness! 🌌🚀🤖

## Note for plugin devs
Don't fork this repo to make plugins for Vencord.
We will pull changes from upstream, so if you want to make a plugin for Vencord but have it in BV, just wait for us to pull from upstream.

## Features

-   Super easy to install (Download Installer, open, click install button, done)
-   100+ plugins built in: [See a list](https://vencord.dev/plugins)
    -   Some highlights: SpotifyControls, MessageLogger, Experiments, GameActivityToggle, Translate, NoTrack, QuickReply, Free Emotes/Stickers, PermissionsViewer, CustomCommands, ShowHiddenChannels, PronounDB
-   Fairly lightweight despite the many inbuilt plugins
-   Excellent Browser Support: Run Vencord in your Browser via extension or UserScript
-   Works on any Discord branch: Stable, Canary or PTB all work (though for the best experience I recommend stable!)
-   Custom CSS and Themes: Inbuilt css editor with support to import any css files (including BetterDiscord themes)
-   Privacy friendly, blocks Discord analytics & crash reporting out of the box and has no telemetry
-   Maintained very actively, broken plugins are usually fixed within 12 hours
-   Settings sync: Keep your plugins and their settings synchronised between devices / apps (optional)
-   BdApi Compatibility : Allows (most) BetterDiscord plugins to be ran as if it was normal BetterDiscord!

***
> [!NOTE]
> External Sources were used.
> - BrowserFS: https://github.com/jvilk/BrowserFS
> - ZIP.js: https://github.com/gildas-lormeau/zip.js
> - Some of BetterDiscord's code: https://github.com/Davilarek/Vencord/blob/main/src/plugins/bdCompatLayer/stuffFromBD.js

### Installation Instructions

1. **Install VencordInstaller:**
   - For PC start by installing [VencordInstaller](https://vencord.dev/download/) depending on your OS. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation.

2. **BetterVencord Installation:**
   - For PC Installation:
     a. Run `install.bat`.
     b. Run `build.bat`.

   - For Web Installation:
     a. Run `install.bat`.
     b. Run `buildWeb.bat`.
     c. Install like a normal extension

3. **Finalize Installation:**
   - Run `automaticInstallDist.bat` and type `a`.
   - After the build process is complete, the software should be ready to use.


## Disclaimer

Discord is trademark of Discord Inc. and solely mentioned for the sake of descriptivity.
Mention of it does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by Discord Inc.

<details>
<summary>Using Vencord violates Discord's terms of service</summary>

Client modifications are against Discord’s Terms of Service.

However, Discord is pretty indifferent about them and there are no known cases of users getting banned for using client mods! So you should generally be fine as long as you don’t use any plugins that implement abusive behaviour. But no worries, all inbuilt plugins are safe to use!

Regardless, if your account is very important to you and it getting disabled would be a disaster for you, you should probably not use any client mods (not exclusive to Vencord), just to be safe

Additionally, make sure not to post screenshots with Vencord in a server where you might get banned for it

</details>
